Improve the error message when custom export fields are used in an entry (#42221)
vercel/next.js: errors/invalid-segment-export.md

# Invalid Layout or Page Export

#### Why This Error Occurred

> Your [layout](https://beta.nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/file-conventions/layout) or [page](https://beta.nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/file-conventions/page) inside the app directory exports an invalid field. In these files, it’s only allowed to export a default component, or Next.js configuration options for layout and pages, such as `revalidate`, `generateStaticParams`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your [layout](https://beta.nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/file-conventions/layout) or [page](https://beta.nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/file-conventions/page) inside the app directory exports an invalid field. In these files, you're only allowed to export a default React component, or [Segment Configuration Options](https://beta.nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/segment-config) for layout and pages, such as `revalidate`, `generateStaticParams`, etc.
```

> Other custom export fields are not allowed to avoid typos, as well as using names that can be used as new options by Next.js in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other custom exports are not allowed to catch misspelt configuration options and prevent conflicts with future options. 
```
